[Music]
foreign
ER myself so two startups the last one a
company called Echo sign that adobe
acquired real story the community is
when I was a VP to Adobe there are
social media limitations so if you want
to tweet or if you want to blog or do
any of these things it needs to go
through PR
and so I decided like a 30-day
turnaround for a tweet was a little long
so I got out the HR policy and it was
prescriptive and it said what you
couldn't do but it hadn't been updated
in years so it said you can't Bebo you
can't Myspace you can't Geo cities you
can't do all these things but it didn't
say you couldn't quora so it turned out
today we crossed 1300 SAS answers on
quora this quora loophole was kind of
the back door that created this
community we all thought we had this
that this kind of hit a plateau around
2011 2012 we'd figured out all the
applications were built marketing
automation sales automation it was kind
of a stable times where we would grow
like this instead boom
with about 60 days notice we did the
first saster annual in 2015 and over
1600 people came I should have realized
that meant we had initial traction and
scale
have Aaron Levy and Stuart Butterfield
and other leaders come when there had
never been a community event for SAS
today it's all a bit of an experiment
it's really about us helping each other
I'm hopeful that you'll spend almost as
much time meeting each other meeting
your peers and just hearing from the
speakers and others what do we want to
do with this now that we've built this
together sort of accidentally and
organically
what is fundamental about disaster
Community is stunning is that CEOs who
may even compete with the Next
Generation everyone Founders All want to
share and help so many deals would get
done at saster where a VC would meet a
Founder it might be Serendipity it might
be through other programs and they would
meet someone here get inspired by the
elevator pitch and have a handshake deal
here
[Music]
building saster has been an order of
magnitude harder than I ever anticipated
[Music]
right when it gets good it gets
complicated right when it gets good
there's too many folks coming to this
afternoon there's too many sponsors
there's too many speakers we have 200
amazing speakers this year it's too much
to handle and if you're remotely saying
secretly on the side you want to quit
it's the secret thing that Founders go
through and you have to find a way to
push through it
faster is 25 times bigger than it was
the first year which seemed big to be on
that Journey with the team again in your
career it's a bit unexpected and it's a
bit magical
we have to reboot and reinvent every
five years and you have to find it in
yourself to do it
and the great Founders do
and deep down I think I'm only a very
good founder but I hope maybe this time
I can be a great one
[Music]
we were the first big event that got
taken down by covid
um and uh yeah we lost about 10 million
dollars all in I'll tell you what we're
planning
um we're gonna do saster annual we
haven't really announced it we're gonna
do Saturday next year in September we
have the venue we're going to move it
outside we decided last week to go full
screen forward invest our limited
capital and we're going for it in
September
2021 has already blown out all of our
expectations we have almost 6 000 folks
registered here in the vaccinated tested
screened outdoor annual this is sort of
a reboot of saster annual and so it's
almost the first time the second time
the intuition the sense is this kind of
stuff will be more important when your
team is working from home when your team
only sees each other once a quarter
maybe everyone gets together at saster
annual from all across the globe next
year because this is the great meeting
place that would be our dream and hope
to have saster annual be the mecca for a
year when the entire world comes here
have a hundred thousand people here in
eight to ten years the world of cloud
will be here that's a great vision
and the whole point of saster thousands
of pieces of content years of events
hundreds and hundreds of sessions and
podcasts is to be your virtual mentor
and that's what I needed there were
hundreds of things I wish I'd been told
I wish that the old me the current me
had told the young me the young sassy oh
me
it's not as far away as you think